examples (#27406)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/howto/operator/python.rst

Python is run and in case ``dill`` is used, it has to be preinstalled in the virtualenv (the same
version that is installed in main Airflow environment).

Dockerfile Example

```

> # You canswitch the airflow and python version numbers here (limited python versions to each ariflow version)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# You can switch the Airflow and Python version numbers here (check which Python versions are suppored in the :doc:`Prerequisites <prerequisites>`)
```

FROM apache/airflow:2.4.2-python3.8

# ExternalPythonOperator

> # Compulsory to switch parameter to use your own venve via ExternalPythonOperator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Compulsory to switch parameter to create your own virtual environment
# in case of using Airlfow's base Image because it has `PIP_USER` enabled by default as explained in
# https://airflow.apache.org/docs/docker-stack/build.html#important-notes-for-the-base-images
```

Author: @potiuk  I would love to help out but I  am not sure how to add new files to the project. Do I just clone it and push it with my new added files?

Reviewer: Yes. We have the whole contributing quite in https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.rst (and one of the first things there you will find quick contribution guides with screenshots and step-by-step guidelines for different IDEs - IntelliJ, VScode, even codespaces and gitpod in the cloud if you prefer to work in the cloud.

But it's ok to just edit docs in this PR and extract it to an example included in a later follow-up (and that's fine if you share the task wuth @ayushthe1 :D, cooperation in OSS is a good thing).

ENV PIP_USER=false

#python venv setup in container
RUN python3 -m venv /opt/airflow/venv1

# Install dependencies:
COPY airflow/requirements.txt .
# copy over folder that containes a my own local pip package
COPY airflow/my_own_pip_package_folder /opt/airflow/my_own_pip_package_folder
# copy over ahtever file
COPY my_file.py /opt/airflow/my_file.py

# install packages in my own docker virtual environemnt
RUN /opt/airflow/venv1/bin/pip install -r requirements.txt
RUN /opt/airflow/venv1/bin/pip install /opt/airflow/my_own_pip_package_folder
RUN /opt/airflow/venv1/bin/pip install 'apache-airflow==2.4.2' --constraint "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/apache/airflow/constraints-2.4.1/constraints-3.8.txt"
```

DAG Example Using The above Dockerfile
```
"""
Example DAG demonstrating the usage of the TaskFlow API to execute Python functions natively and within a
virtual environment.
"""
from __future__ import annotations

import logging
import os
import shutil
import sys
import tempfile
import time
from pprint import pprint

import pendulum

from airflow import DAG
from airflow.decorators import task

log = logging.getLogger(__name__)

> PYTHON = sys.executable

Reviewer: I believe both PYTHON and BASE_DIR can be removed

BASE_DIR = tempfile.gettempdir()

my_default_args = {
    'owner': 'me',
    'email': ['myemail@myemail.com''],
    'email_on_failure': True,
    'email_on_retry': True,
    'retries': 1,
#     'retry_delay': timedelta(minutes=1)
}

with DAG(
    dag_id='sample_schedule_dag',
    # https://crontab.guru/
    #  min  HOUR   DAY_OF_MONTH    MONTH   DAY_OF_WEEK
    #   *     *          *           *         *
    schedule='12 11 * * *', # IT IS AT UTC. EX.: 11:12 UTC = 12:12am BST = 12:12am UK time
    start_date=pendulum.datetime(2021, 1, 1, tz="UTC"), # this is from whre it starts counting time to run taks, NOT like cron
    catchup=False,
    default_args=my_default_args,
    tags=['sample_tag', 'sample_tag2'],
    ) as dag:
    

>     #@task.external_python(task_id="test_external_python_venv_task", python=os.fspath(sys.executable))

Reviewer: This comment should be removed for clarity.

>     @task.external_python(task_id="sample_task", python='/opt/airflow/venv1/bin/python3')

Reviewer: This is different path than the one in the Dockerfile above (yet it is explained as example for that particular Dockerfile).

    def go(): # this could be any function name

>         #PUT ALL IMPORTS HERE THAT THE FILE NEEDS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        #PUT ALL LOCAL IMPORTS HERE THAT THE METHOD NEEDS
```

        print('Straight of the sample DAG')
        print('Internal Processes of sample dag')
        print('End of sample dag')

>         return ['something, something2'] #any return value becasueit doesn not deine the succes of the task

Reviewer: This is not "anythign" - values returned here are stored in XCom so you can use them for communication with otehr tasks.
